

one method to do TM is: uses a "Latent Dirichlet Allocation" (LDA). Another one is "TextRank". 
 
TM: like a method for finding a group of words (i.e topic) from a collection of documents that best represents the information in 
	the collection. It can also be thought of as a form of text mining – a way to obtain recurring patterns of words in textual 
	material.

TextRank process: a graph-based algorithm to extract relevant key phrases.
--------

TM: to examine the content of a collection of documents to determine common themes.
It examines each document to determine the context and meaning of a word. The set of words that frequently belong to the same 
	context across the entire document set make up a topic.
“topic” consists of a cluster of words that frequently occur together. Using contextual clues, topic models can connect 
	words with similar meanings and distinguish between uses of words with multiple meanings.

A word is associated to a topic in a document based on how prevalent that topic is in a document and how much affinity the topic 
	has to the word. The same word can be associated with different topics in different documents based on the topic distribution 
	in a particular document.

Each word associated with a topic is given a weight that indicates how much the word helps define the topic. The weight is an indication 
	of how many times the word occurs in the topic compared to other words in the topic, across the entire document set.



You should use at least 1,000 documents in each topic modeling job. Each document should be at least 3 sentences long.
Documents can be in UTF-8 formatted text files. can detect up to 100 topics in a collection. 


TM helps in:
- Discovering hidden topical patterns that are present across the collection
- Annotating documents according to these topics
- Using these annotations to organize, search and summarize texts


LDA:
In the LDA model, each document is viewed as a mixture of topics that are present in the corpus. The model proposes that each word 
	in the document is attributable to one of the document’s topics.
LDA treats each document as a mixture of topics, and each topic as a mixture of words.
LDA is a bag-of-words model. 


TextRank:
Graph-based ranking algorithms are a way of deciding the importance of a vertex within a graph, based on the information 
	derived from the entire graph. The basic idea, implemented by a graph-based ranking model, is that of “voting”.


Topic Modeling vs Topic Classification
-------------------------------------
TC is supervised and delivers neatly packaged topics, with labels such as Price, and Features, eliminating any guesswork. 




